Well, and finally, I want you
to understand a concept, we
see it on screen, it is the curve
of demand elasticity.
It is a concept, it is a basic,
very basic model of the economy,
which we will analyze in detail
when we get to the economy
block, that basically what the
demand curve draws us is how
it affects the amount we will
sell the variations in the
price.
If I get a little lower,
what will happen?
I’ll sell the same, I’ll sell
a lot more, if I raise the
price, what will happen?
And we have, really this is a very
theoretical model, but it’s convenient
that you understand it well and there
could be two extremes.
A very unelastic curve,
completely unelastic.
What does this mean?
That we do what we do with prices,
and we would have a curve that
is perfectly elastic, which is
the opposite, and is that if we
lower the price a little we will
sell a lot more.
This, as we have said, is a theoretical
model and at the end we are never
at one end or another, but it is
important that you understand this
well, because the elasticity or sensitivity
that your customers have to
the increases or decreases in
prices is something you have
to understand and that you
should even try.
For example, in digital environments
it is increasingly easier to test
it, because you can measure very quickly,
you can one day raise the price
and measure what the conversion is.
In the bottom, what you are measuring,
what you are evaluating is this, is
whether the demand for your product
is very sensitive to those
decreases, those price increases.
Then playing so at the end will
allow you to find the optimal point
where what you are maximizing
is, you are maximizing your income
that would be the amount for
the price.
So all companies always have
to consider this triple
perspective when we want
to set prices to shoot the
diana and is it what
are our costs?
If we forget about our
costs, we may end up losing
money.
What is the competition doing and
what value do we bring to the
customer?
And we also have to take into account
this theoretical model that is the
elasticity of demand, because
in accordance with that it is more
elastic or less elastic and we
will only know it almost by
testing, we will be able to maximize
that point of balance in which
we maximize the price by
the number of units sold.